hello youtube friends for the premiere
of a new video in this case is a
tutorial on how to put or you could say
activate the tricks in gta 3 for
android
good for this they will need the app that
keyboard is called good game once
have the initial installed
they sting to the first option that says
step one
and they have to be marked with a
Popcorn the one that says game keyboard
good once they have these they come out
with the home button and open the gta
once the game had started
you start the game as usual
they do leave it pressed to the home button
to see the apps they have used before
then they will open the one that says game
keyboard
and even down select or optional tap
portugal of warcraft er success
and they return to leave him pressed home and
open 7
well once inside you can use the
commands or tricks that you normally use
in the computer
for example, see how much money
I have and now I am proud of one
Stern is a bit difficult to write well
as you can see
they put a trick to see if we
you can see
another good the most of those of the
tricks they use on the computer they serve
except for some that you already
You can find out how they are testing
good if the game is good something that
it happens good I do not assure you that they
but it happens to me is that
after finishing using the keyboard
which by the way is removed by pressing the
button back the game starts at
to lock a lot, that's why I recommend you
are near the area where
they keep for like this when they finish already in
how much money do I have
before you save it
and they just keep it they close the
game
and reopen it if followed
locking the game and check your
cell and there yes and no longer they are
I should work
well let me keep it and show you
well once you have
rebooted the game or if it does not work
restart the cell phone may notice that the
game is already flowing as always and as
can see the trick of the coins or -
does not come the money was like when
before restarting it
and they can play as good as before
this has been all youtube friends if
they liked the video like they subscribe
and until next time